Linfield midfielder Aaron Burns and Dungannon Swifts striker Andy Mitchell suffered injury setbacks in Saturday's Premiership match at Stangmore Park.
Uganda's top court has ruled that "bride price", when a man pays his future wife's family for her hand in marriage, is legal.
Middlesbrough midfielder Adam Clayton says his time at Manchester City has shaped his career.
The EU has extended for another year the sanctions it imposed on Russia over its annexation of Crimea in March 2014.
A consortium of Chinese rail firms has teamed up with private US company XpressWest to build a high-speed rail line between Las Vegas and Los Angeles.
Michel Platini, the head of European football's governing body Uefa, is being treated as "in between a witness and an accused person'' by Swiss prosecutors investigating corruption at the world football authority Fifa.
Work to build a giant artificial Christmas tree has been abandoned in Sri Lanka after objections from the island's top Roman Catholic clergyman.
Aljaz Bedene's latest attempt to overturn his ban from representing Great Britain in the Davis Cup has been rejected.
A former mental health nurse has been cleared of raping three women in the prison where he worked.
In 1994 Wales arrived in Twickenham chasing a first Five Nations Grand Slam since 1978
Harlequins back-row Jack Clifford, Northampton prop Paul Hill and Bath back Ollie Devoto could make their debuts in England's Six Nations opener.
A 45-year-old mechanic caught at a bomb-making factory on a farm will spend 11 years behind bars.
The law firm Public Interest Lawyers, which submitted multiple allegations of misconduct by British troops during the Iraq War, is to close.
Millwall midfielder Ben Thompson has signed a new contract which will keep him at The Den until 2021.
Anti-terrorism officers have arrested a man in Kent on suspicion of supporting a banned organisation, the South East Counter-Terrorism Unit (Sectu) said.
A GP has been found guilty of having a stash of pornography, including a video of a man having sex with a snake.
An Indian soldier who was buried for six days in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir remains "very critical" in hospital.
Eight years after making his debut in Slumdog Millionaire, Dev Patel is back with another film that features an impoverished Indian boy on a life-changing journey.
As a native speaker of Singlish, I was proud to hear 19 Singaporean terms have made it to the Oxford English Dictionary.
Veteran Birmingham City defender Paul Robinson has signed a new 12-month contract, with the option of another year in the club's favour.
Gaming experts are predicting a big future for virtual reality at E3 - the world's biggest convention for games.
Hundreds of people braved chilly temperatures for the annual Boxing Day dip in Redcar.
Bydd cyllid a chyfrifoldebau Llenyddiaeth Cymru yn cael eu torri yn dilyn adroddiad beirniadol.
A full smoking ban at all hospital sites in Cardiff and the Vale of Glamorgan has been given the go-ahead.
Celebrities including actor Simon Pegg and illusionist Derren Brown are among hundreds of people who have donated postcards to help a flood-damaged town.
Defender James Clarke has become the latest member of Bristol Rovers' promotion-winning squad to agree a new contract with the club.
Lancashire seam bowler Glen Chapple is uncertain whether he will carry on playing next season when he will be 42.
Warrington produced a stunning comeback to beat Salford and lead Super League.
Farmers hit by delays to EU payments are to be offered loans from a £20m fund set up by the Scottish government.
England are still confident of winning the third and final Test against Pakistan in Sharjah, according to batsman James Taylor.
Cyclist Geraint Thomas said he was "surprised" after becoming the first Welshman to win Commonwealth gold in the men's road race.
A former prison in Shrewsbury, in Shropshire, is up for sale.
Promoter Eddie Hearn believes the judge who scored Lee Haskins as the winner against Ryan Burnett got the two identities of the boxers mixed up.
Germany coach Guido Streichsbier rates his team's chances of beating Zambia at the Fifa Under-20 World Cup as no better than 50-50.
A part of Newport which is being earmarked as a designated area for prostitutes should not become like Amsterdam, an MP has warned.
Former Blue Peter presenter John Noakes has been found after going missing from his home in Majorca.
Home loans advanced to UK buy-to-let investors in November leapt 35% from a year earlier, ahead of key tax changes.
The head of a Pakistani charity accused of masterminding terror attacks has indicated he has inside knowledge of a deadly raid on India's military in disputed Kashmir.
Pace bowler Steven Finn has been ruled out of England's ICC World Twenty20 squad and replaced by Liam Plunkett.
The United Nations is poised to grant Intangible Cultural Heritage status to the making of North Korean kimchi.
Seeing the corner of her beloved bungalow teetering over a cliff and her bathroom on the sand below, Bryony Nierop-Reading feels emotionally numb.
Part of a war memorial has been vandalised a few days before Remembrance Day.
Corporate giants Walmart and Google are teaming up to enter the voice-shopping market, currently dominated by Amazon.
Hooker Scott Baldwin says there is a "better blend" to Wales' squad for this summer's two Tests compared to the group he was part of during the last British and Irish Lions tour.
Supporters and opponents of a group campaigning against what it describes as the "Islamisation" of Europe have held rival rallies across Germany.
Skeleton is a true daredevil sport.
"She was such fun to work with," recalls Jean Alexander, who played Coronation Street's Hilda Ogden, of her former co-star Betty Driver, who has died at the age of 91.
A new hotel has opened in Japan and it's run almost entirely by robots.
Falkirk held on to secure second place in the Championship and a Premiership play-off semi-final berth with a narrow, fraught win over Morton.
The timing of this royal winter break could be viewed as rather unfortunate.
Senior Olympic official Pat Hickey is being held in a notorious Rio prison following his arrest over alleged illegal sales of tickets for the games.
A woman who posed as a man to dupe her friend into sleeping with her has been found guilty of sexual assault.
Football fans have been asked to share footage of a plane which flew at low altitude over Burnley's stadium nine days after November's Paris bombings.
Scots risk "sleepwalking into obesity" if they do not take more exercise, an expert has warned.
A man is to stand trial charged with murdering his five-month-old baby son.
A team of astronomers has potentially discovered the first known moon beyond the Solar System.
A statue to "properly recognise" the career of Newcastle United legend Alan Shearer is to be unveiled outside St James' Park on Monday.
Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari says he is not demanding "any apology from anybody" after UK Prime Minister David Cameron labelled his country "fantastically corrupt".
The Scottish Surf Championships are taking place in Thurso in Caithness.
The aftermath of a police shooting in the US state of Minnesota appears to have been filmed by the victim's girlfriend.
A malicious hacker has reportedly released 10 episodes of the new series of TV show 'Orange is the New Black'.
Firefighters tackled an early-morning fire at a nursery in Dundee.
A man who was killed by police had pinned his ex-partner against a wall at knifepoint when the shots were fired, witness statements have said.
Nigeria has decided to allow petrol prices to rise by two thirds, in a bid to ease crippling fuel shortages.
Armed officers arrested two men at a Cardiff supermarket on Saturday.
"People need to stop the generalisation of Asians."
Militant Islamist rebels have seized the strategic central Malian town of Douentza, extending the area they control in the north of the country.
Japanese carmaker Toyota has regained its slot as the world's biggest vehicle maker, capping a year of a dramatic turnaround in its fortunes.
Researchers from the UK fishing industry will visit ports across Northern Ireland from Monday.
The family of an ex-Royal Marine killed while fighting with Kurdish forces in Syria have paid tribute, saying his flame burned "briefly but brightly".
Civilian staff across police forces in England and Wales have voted to strike in a row about pay.
Network Rail will begin to see its grip on the UK's rail network loosened from this Tuesday, when Transport Secretary Chris Grayling will announce a plan to gradually devolve some of Network Rail's powers to private companies.
No-one could have predicted or prevented the classroom murder of teacher Ann Maguire, a report has said.
Hundreds of veterans of the historic Gordon Highlanders regiment have taken part in what is thought likely to be their last major parade.
Norway will release a controversial Iraqi cleric after Italian prosecutors suddenly dropped a long-standing extradition request.
US President Donald Trump has pardoned ex-Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio, who had been convicted of criminal contempt.
The charity Extern is to take on some of the work carried out by Fasa (Forum for Action on Substance Abuse), which has suspended its services due to financial difficulties.
The maharaja of Mysore in southern India, Yaduveer Krishnadatta Chamaraja Wadiyar, has married princess Trishika Kumari at the royal palace.
Luton Town boss Nathan Jones says players in his title-winning youth side should not be expected to "take the world by storm" in the first team.
Ivan Lendl is a great person to have on the team when expectations start to build around me because he's been through the same experience himself.
Community councils have been urged to improve their financial management by the Auditor General for Wales.
Newport Gwent Dragons number eight Ed Jackson has undergone shoulder surgery and faces a spell on the sidelines.
Former world number one Martina Hingis will come out of retirement to play her first match on the WTA Tour since 2007.
Urgent action is needed to strengthen sea defences protecting the railway line and the A55 in Old Colwyn or lives could be lost, an AM has said.
Manchester City Women have signed Sweden international striker Kosovare Asllani on a two-year deal from Paris St-Germain.
Timed tickets are to be introduced at Carrick-a-Rede rope bridge to deal with crowds at the world-famous attraction.
Foreign drivers owe south-east councils tens of thousands of pounds in unpaid parking fines issued in 2014-15.
A cockerel blinded from having his eyes pecked in a suspected cockfight has regained its sight after it was found and cared for by the RSPCA.
Burundian President Pierre Nkurunziza's third-term bid has prompted deadly protests in the capital.
Northampton Saints' Calum Clark says it was 'mentally challenging' during his 11 months out with a shoulder injury.
North Korea appears to be upgrading one of its two rocket launch sites, US experts say, perhaps in a move to test bigger rockets.
Austria's far-right Freedom Party has lodged a legal challenge to the result of last month's presidential election, which it lost by a tiny margin.
Australia's Mitchell Marsh scored two off the final ball to secure a dramatic Twenty20 victory over South Africa and level the three-match series.
High winds have marred the opening to the public of the world's tallest broadcasting tower, Tokyo Skytree.
Derry have been drawn away against Mayo in the All-Ireland 2A qualifiers while Donegal will entertain Longford.
A jeweller has said he "chased" an armed robber out of his shop with a baseball bat.
The principal of Merthyr Tydfil College has called for a Welsh language college to be established in the region.
Mijain Lopez Nunez won his third Olympic gold medal as he beat Turkey's Riza Kayaalp to win the 130kg Greco-Roman wrestling title.
India's cricket board is considering whether to switch the final Test match against England from Chennai following the death of a local politician.
Almost a third of sports in Scotland could have active coaches working with children without full background checks, BBC Scotland has learned.
Images courtesy of AP, EPA, PA and Reuters
Kenya's para-athletic team has failed to travel to the World Championships in Doha as government funding was pulled at the last minute, an official says.
The Isle of Man has been chosen to host the 2017 British Cycling National Road Championships.
Jamie Murray's eight-match winning run in Grand Slam men's doubles has ended in the French Open third round.
Sainsbury's led the UK's stock market higher amid reports it is in talks to buy convenience store chain Nisa.
A 16-year-old boy has died of his injuries after being hit by a taxi in Barry.
A woman has admitted embezzling more than £370,000 from her employer, which caused colleagues to be made redundant.
Ousmane Dembele has the potential to be as good as Neymar and could be a future Ballon d'Or winner, says ex-England and Bayern Munich player Owen Hargreaves.
The Hilden Mill complex near Lisburn, County Antrim, has been put for up for sale.
The four English locations picked to test driverless cars have been named.
"Have-a-go heroes" who apprehended one robber and unmasked another in a bungled raid on a Banbury jewellers have been praised for their bravery.
Muslims have spent the past month abstaining from eating and drinking from dawn until sunset.
Senior civil servants in the Home Office have accused the Department for Education (DfE) of running a "parallel security policy", Newsnight has revealed, after years of rivalry between the two ministries over how to deal with extremism.
Scarlets' uncapped scrum-half Aled Davies has arrived in New Zealand as an injury replacement for Lloyd Williams.
Venezuelan Pastor Maldonado took his maiden victory and Williams's first since 2004 in a strategic battle with Ferrari's Fernando Alonso.
The UK's Trident nuclear weapons system could be rendered obsolete by cyber attacks, former Defence Secretary Lord Browne has warned.
London 2012 gold medallist Katherine Grainger and former double scull partner Vicky Thornley have failed to win places in Great Britain's women's eight for the Rio Olympics.
Assistant manager Paul Carden has taken charge of National League side Tranmere Rovers on an interim basis following the sacking of Gary Brabin on Sunday.
Four Welsh MPs are standing for election as chairs of influential parliamentary committees.
Manchester City increased the pressure on Premier League leaders Chelsea by disposing of Manchester United with almost embarrassing ease at Old Trafford.
Relegation from Women's Super League Two will be introduced for the first time in the 2017-18 season when the WSL adopts a winter calendar.
A community council criticised for refusing to provide residents with documents in English as well as Welsh has backed down over the policy.
Allowing motorists to drive on the hard shoulder of the M1 motorway permanently will cause "a serious accident", a high-ranking police officer has said.
The leader of the Catholic Church in Ireland has told a Palm Sunday service for families of the Disappeared that there is still hope that information will help them find their loved ones.
Ospreys prop Brian Mujati will remain with the region for 2017-18 after initially signing a deal until the end of this season.
There might be an easy way to get Harry Styles to spot you when you're at a One Direction gig...
Lord's cricket ground's famous Father Time weather vane has been damaged by high winds in London.
Welsh cyclists Geraint Thomas and Luke Rowe will start 2016 by returning to Australia's Tour Down Under on 19 January.
University groups are warning that tighter visa rules, claimed to be under consideration by the Home Office, would cut overseas student numbers by 15%.
A fourth person has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was shot dead on his driveway.
A woman who killed a Good Samaritan when she struck him in her car on the M1 motorway has admitted causing death by careless driving.
A police officer who sold details of suspected cannabis farms in a drugs plot has been jailed for seven years.
Paul Casey has ruled himself out of the 2016 Ryder Cup by deciding not to rejoin the European Tour.
Hi-tech police crime units dealing with incidents of suspected child abuse have developed a backlog of cases, the BBC has learned.
Animal welfare officers who rescued a lost pigeon in East Lothian were surprised to discover it was owned by the Queen.
England winger Jonny May has been ruled out of the rest of the season.
Eight scouts were rescued by helicopter after taking a wrong turn while trekking in the Cairngorms.
New Zealand claimed the one-day series with Sri Lanka, taking an unassailable 4-1 lead with a 120-run win in the penultimate match in Dunedin.
A PCSO has been hospitalised after he was assaulted by a man resisting arrest, Staffordshire Police has said.
Highly drug-resistant gonorrhoea is spreading in the north of England with an outbreak centred in Leeds, sexual health doctors have told the BBC.
On the surface, this is the game no-one wants to play in.
A Japanese city is keeping track of elderly dementia sufferers by attaching barcodes containing personal information to their fingers and toes, officials say.
A street claiming to be home to the shortest set of double yellow lines in England has been "beaten" by an even shorter set in a nearby road.
A quarter of Nottinghamshire's 319 police community support officers could be cut under new budget proposals.
Premiership side Sale Sharks have signed prop WillGriff John from Championship club Doncaster Knights.
The French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has received a controversial freedom of speech award at the PEN Literary Gala in New York on Tuesday.
Joko Widodo, the charismatic outsider who won Indonesia's presidency, made a call for national reconciliation and unity as he was sworn in.
Eric Garner had frequent run-ins with the police for years before his controversial death on 17 July while under restraint on a New York street.
Nathan Blissett scored the only goal of the game at Boreham Wood as bottom side Torquay United won in the league for the first time since Boxing Day.
English Heritage has told Bristol City Council it would be "prudent" to apply for listed building consent for some of its parking signs.
The world's biggest carmaker, Toyota, is recalling another 5.8 million cars worldwide over potentially faulty air bags made by supplier Takata.
Ten people have been arrested and two guns seized in a series of police raids on Merseyside.
Failings to fully investigate a teacher who took indecent photographs of pupils were "an accident waiting to happen", an ex-child protection chief has said.
A mayor has claimed he was "not told" of his city's £500,000 bid to become European Capital of Culture.
Two parrots that were stolen have been found but a third "screaming" asthmatic one is still missing.
A woman booked a dream holiday to Las Vegas, only to discover when she and her boyfriend arrived at Birmingham Airport she had mistakenly booked to fly from Birmingham Alabama.
The Istanbul derby between Galatasaray and Fenerbahce has been postponed amid security concerns following Saturday's suicide bomb in the Turkish capital.
A former personal assistant to the Duke of Edinburgh has denied four counts of historic sex abuse against a young girl.
Giovanni Simeone scored two early goals as mid-table Genoa stunned Serie A leaders Juventus.
A rare RAF Spitfire once flown by a Great Escape veteran and painstakingly restored over five years could fetch millions of pounds for charity.
Wimbledon runner-up Roger Federer said he hoped his performance in the tournament would be a "stepping stone" to more success.
The final First Minister's Questions of this assembly term lulled me into a false sense of security.
The Ukrainian city where England played France in Euro 2012 owes its existence to a 19th Century Welsh ironmaster.
Wales are considering making changes to their team for their final Six Nations match against Italy on Saturday.
A blogger who was arrested for filming a council's meeting has lost her appeal against being told to pay its chief executive £25,000 in libel damages.
Singer Janet Jackson has at the age of 50 given birth to her first child, a baby boy, her publicist has confirmed.
A superb final over from Mitchell Johnson saw Mumbai Indians beat Rising Pune Supergiant by one run to win a thrilling Indian Premier League final.
Construction on a new bus lane and park-and-ride west of Oxford could begin in September 2018, according to the council.
Bracing the cold weather on a boat in December doesn't seem like the best idea, however, that's exactly what hundreds of people in Portaferry and Strangford did over the weekend.
A project to publish every letter ever written or received by Charles Darwin is expected to be completed after a £5m funding boost.
Thomas Cook's profits have fallen after a tough year for the tourism industry, with trading affected by terror attacks in Europe and political instability in Turkey.
A footballer who hit an opponent with a "reckless" tackle before breaking the man's jaw has been jailed for a year.
Three US citizens have been evacuated from Yemen by the Omani air force, Oman's foreign ministry says.
We achieve more when we work together, that's a given.
Palestinian officials have said they are planning to sue Britain over the 1917 Balfour Declaration that laid out a vision for a Jewish homeland in Palestine.
Stephen Hawking says that US President Donald Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement could lead to irreversible climate change.
Vincent Enyeama has extended his deal with French club Lille by two years tying the former Nigeria international goalkeeper to the club until 2019.
Lorries carrying tonnes of stones ignored weight limit signs near an 18th century bridge before its spectacular collapse, it has been claimed.
New evidence has been found by detectives hunting the killer of Emma Caldwell, whose body was discovered in South Lanarkshire.
Liverpool Ladies have "reluctantly accepted" a transfer bid for striker Asisat Oshoala from fellow Women's Super League side Arsenal Ladies.
The heir to the Greggs bakery chain has been convicted of a string of sex offences against boys.
A teenager with suspected autism who faces a wait of a year for a mental health diagnosis has started a petition to cut waiting times.
The title of the new Star Wars movie has been revealed as The Force Awakens.
A major road and rail tunnel through the Peak District could be the longest tunnel in Europe, a report says.
Warwickshire's Championship game with Somerset was abandoned as a draw after a second washed out day at Edgbaston.
Taliban militants in Afghanistan have killed at least 11 Afghan soldiers in an ambush in western Herat province, police have told the BBC.
A double-decker bus driver who went through a red light and collided with a pedestrian has been fined £400.
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi and keeper Vincent Enyeama have defended themselves following Tuesday's football federation (NFF) disciplinary hearings.
A teenager is to stand trial accused of murdering an OAP in his Glasgow home.
An Australian celebrity chef has apologised after his restaurant group underpaid staff A$2.6m (£1.6m; $2m).
The final member of a group from Portsmouth who travelled to Syria to fight for the Islamic State (IS) group has reportedly been killed.
A former boxing champion has been cleared of plotting to travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State.
Heatwave conditions continue to sweep India where more than 1,100 people have died in the past week, officials say.
Police in Copenhagen say they have shot dead a man they believe was behind two deadly attacks in the Danish capital hours earlier.
Open champion Jordan Spieth edged closer towards his fourth win of the season after a six-under-par third round of 64 in the Northern Trust.
Her estate agency might be lined with photographs of upscale apartments in her native Russia, but Yekaterina Georgiadou has no plans to head home any time soon.
The private phone numbers of a large section of Australian politicians have been mistakenly published online.
Hackers could gain access to home and corporate networks via security flaws in wireless mice, suggests research.
The Brazilian Health ministry says it's developed new testing kits to rapidly identify the presence of three viruses - Dengue, Zika and Chikungunya - all carried by the same mosquito.
Loose Women panellist Nadia Sawalha has posted an emotional video online talking about losing her hair at the age of 52.
A child abuser from Nottingham who was confronted by anti-paedophile activists has been jailed for eight years.
New details have emerged of the large-scale response to a Taliban attack last week on Camp Bastion in Afghanistan's Helmand province.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has used his first speech in Scotland in 2017 to attack the SNP's budget.
Alan Henning's apparent death has stunned people to the core in his hometown of Eccles, where yellow ribbons remain tied to lampposts in the heavy morning rain.
A fund set up to support jockey Freddy Tylicki after he was paralysed from the waist down in a fall at Kempton on Monday has raised more than £100,000.
Northumbria's chief constable has firmly rejected claims that paying a child rapist to help secure convictions of sexual exploitation may have placed some victims at greater risk.
The vast majority of Australians worry that national drinking habits are excessive, according to new research.
The NHS in England must get a grip on the delays patients face in being released from hospital, as the problem causes unnecessary harm and wastes money, the National Audit Office says.
Australian police have charged a man accused of punching a baby girl in her pram at a railway station in Sydney.
Slovakia's prime minister Robert Fico wants Uefa to investigate his country's group-stage exit from the European Under-21 Championship.
The election of the first non-European Pope for more than a millennium- and the first from Latin America, home to 40% of the world's Catholics - reveals in the cardinals who elected him an awareness of the size and importance of the flock outside Europe.
A breakaway group from the British National Party has been ordered to remove images of the Royal Crown from publicity material and merchandise.
A Royal Marine jailed for shooting an injured Taliban fighter in Afghanistan has had his murder conviction reduced to manslaughter by an appeal court.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against the proposed closure of Newcastle City Pool.
A new three-times-weekly flight between Edinburgh and Helsinki has been launched.
The most disadvantaged communities in England are facing the biggest local government cuts, Labour has claimed.
Seven-time Wimbledon champion Roger Federer reached his 50th Grand Slam quarter-final with a straight-set win over Bulgaria's Grigor Dimitrov.
Great Britain's Tonia Couch has qualified for the women's Olympic diving 10m platform final.
A refuse collector filmed using his mobile phone while driving down a country lane has been suspended.
A 13-year-old Nigerian girl who was allegedly abducted and forced into marriage has been found and will be re-united with her family, police say.
October's flash crash in sterling was caused by several factors - including the time of day - according to a report by the international banking body, the Bank for International Settlements.
Stalking has become a specific criminal offence in England and Wales in a move to improve victims' safety.
New CCTV footage of a student walking down a street prior to her murder has been released on the 21st anniversary of her death.
Partick Thistle have received £500,000 towards their youth academy from lottery winners Colin and Christine Weir.
From crazy commentary, to epic chants, to knocking out one of the top teams in the Euros, we've been finding out more about Iceland.
Arsenal defender Gabriel Paulista has joined Spanish club Valencia for an undisclosed fee.
Measures to crack down on drivers who abuse the disabled parking system will come into force in England and Scotland from 1 January.
The maximum sentence for stalking available to courts in England and Wales is to rise from five years to 10.
A Swiss woman has been kidnapped from her home in the northern Malian town of Timbuktu, security officials say.
An American hiker missing for nine days in California's rugged Sierra Nevada has been found alive.
David Cameron's former director of strategy has called for a vote to leave the EU, saying membership "makes Britain literally ungovernable".
Englishman Luke Donald chipped in for a birdie at the final hole to share the halfway lead at the RBC Heritage at Hilton Head in South Carolina.
Shares in Poundland have fallen after it reported slowing sales and said the first half of the financial year would be "relatively subdued".
The North West 200 international road races will retain their mid-May slot for 2017, with the week-long festival taking place from 7-13 May.
A Russian military helicopter has been shot down in Syria killing all five on board - the deadliest single incident for Russia's military since its air campaign began last September.
Protesters have demonstrated outside a Boston art gallery that is showing work by Pierre-Auguste Renoir, complaining that he "sucks at painting".
Eyewitnesses say a gorse fire which led to a packed beach being evacuated may have been started by a flare.
Camilla, the Duchess of Rothesay, has been unveiled as the new chancellor of the University of Aberdeen - and described it as a "great honour".
Britain's Tom Daley believes he and Daniel Goodfellow have proved they can challenge for an Olympic medal despite only pairing up earlier this year.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul have broken through the front line without suffering any losses, a spokesman says.
A national minimum bedroom size could be introduced under plans to combat overcrowding and rogue landlords.
Ross County have signed the former Rangers, Cardiff and Birmingham winger Chris Burke until the season's end.
Two men from Albania who have been charged with firearms offences did not realise they were in Northern Ireland, a court has been told.
A 73-year-old woman is in a critical condition in hospital after she was hit by a bus on Oxford Street.
A steamy bath scene from the second series of Poldark has topped a poll of the biggest television moments of 2016.
A Palestinian man whose child was killed in an arson attack blamed on Jewish settlers has died of his injuries.
Researchers have used "mind games" to reveal clues about how nerve cells may change when making new memories.
Leinster flanker Josh van der Flier has been ruled out of Ireland's Six Nations game with France in Dublin on Saturday after suffering a shoulder injury.
A gardener is feeling hacked off after part of his giant cabbage was cut from a hotel garden by mistake and cooked by chefs at its restaurant.
Danny Houghton has become the first Hull FC player to win the Super League Steve Prescott Man of Steel award.
Aberdeen Asset Management has reported a net outflow of funds, which accelerated during a tough December.
A public inquiry into a controversial wind farm development in Sutherland is due to begin.
Researchers at the University of Leicester are attempting to halt the decline of a caterpillar that produces one of the finest silks in the world.
Championship side Rotherham have signed Tottenham centre-back Dominic Ball on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A married couple, born thousands of miles apart, have revealed how they discovered their fathers had an unlikely wartime connection.
The death toll from a suspected air strike on a wedding party in Yemen on Monday has risen to at least 130, the United Nations and local medics say.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he would not have signed striker Danny Welbeck on transfer deadline day had he been in the country.
A senior diplomat at the Dutch embassy in Moscow has been beaten up in his flat, days after a spat involving a Russian official in The Hague.
A new budget deal could be finalised with the UK government by the start of 2017, the Welsh Government hopes.
Exeter flanker Julian Salvi has been ruled out for the rest of 2016 after injuring his biceps.
Leeds have signed Sporting Lisbon forward Hadi Sacko on a season-long loan with a view to a permanent deal.
Labour has been fined £20,000 by the Electoral Commission for failing to declare all of its general election expenses - including the stone tablet unveiled during the campaign.
A suspicious object that caused a security alert in County Londonderry was a hoax, police have said.
The US has said it will seek clarity on the Philippine president's announcement of a "separation from the US".
About 1,200 inmates have escaped from a jail in the restive Libyan city of Benghazi.
St Andrews University in Fife has said it could create 500 new jobs at its Eden Campus at Guardbridge.
People in Fife have gone from being among the least happy in Scotland to the most happy, a new survey suggests.
A man and woman have appeared in court accused of a series of offences against a baby who is critically ill.
A computer-based brain-training game could improve the daily lives of people with schizophrenia, say University of Cambridge researchers.
Scotland's private sector economy stagnated last month as a downturn in services activity offset growth in manufacturing production, according to a survey of purchasing managers.
Jamie Baker has played down concerns about Andy Murray's fitness as the world number one prepares to face America's Sam Querrey in Wednesday's Wimbledon men's singles quarter-final.
Six people working at the US embassy in the Afghan capital, Kabul, have been fired for using or possessing illegal drugs, officials say.
A student pilot from Egypt has agreed to leave the US after posting on Facebook that the world would thank him if he killed Donald Trump.
One of two Libyan cadets accused of raping a man in Cambridge has told a court the alleged victim initiated sexual contact with him.
The eggs of a mosquito capable of transmitting tropical diseases, including the Zika virus, have been found for the first time in the UK.
"Designer vagina" surgery should not be carried out on the NHS or on girls under the age of 18, the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists has said.
Norwich City have signed Bosnia international Mario Vrancic for an undisclosed fee from German side Darmstadt.
A human rights lawyer who brought abuse claims against UK troops after the Iraq War has been struck off for misconduct.
Craig Willis' goalkicking edged Newcastle Falcons to a first Premiership win of the season against last season's runners-up Bath.
Arlene Foster has said she will "have to work with" the new Sinn Féin leader north of the border, Michelle O'Neill.
Former Leyton Orient owner Barry Hearn says he now regrets selling the club to businessman Francesco Becchetti.
Claims of alleged corruption in Qatar's successful 2022 World Cup bid have been published in the German media.
Nigeria's main opposition party has condemned a weekend raid of its Lagos offices by state security agents.
The average cost of a funeral in Wales has risen by £170 to £3,461 over the past year, figures have shown.
The top law enforcement official in the US state of Pennsylvania has been convicted of several crimes after she leaked documents critical of a rival.
Lewis Hamilton set the pace in final practice as the Formula 1 drivers did their final preparations for qualifying at the British Grand Prix.
A private health care company is creating 20 jobs and investing another £3m in an expansion programme.
The Peruvian authorities have announced a state of emergency in a town which was hit by an avalanche of mud and rocks on Monday.
The United States has eased a number of trade restrictions with Cuba, in President Barack Obama's latest attempt to bypass the US Congress's economic embargo on the island.
Two men have been charged over a tipper truck crash in Bath which killed four people in February.
A Conservative MP has denied claiming expenses for driving in the UK whilst he was abroad on official visits.
Pluto has just been found to be ever so slightly bigger than we thought, having a diameter of 2,370km.
South Sudan is "back to war", a spokesman for the vice-president has told the BBC, as rival factions clash and hundreds have been reported killed.
Ayrshire new potatoes are in line to have their identity protected under European law.
Rock and roll legend Chuck Berry has died aged 90, police in the US state of Missouri report.
At least 36 people have died in Togo when their boats capsized during a storm, officials say.
A 13ft-deep hole causing widespread disruption to trains in south London has been found to have opened above an active sewer.
A Labour MP who described himself as "a committed pro-European" said he will not vote against triggering Brexit.
Tour coach Robin McBryde says Wales' players are "switched on" for the physical demands of their two-Test summer tour.
Yelena Isinbayeva's election to a key role within Russia's anti-doping agency (Rusada) has been criticised by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
Coventry City manager Russell Slade has excused excited Sky Blues supporters for running on the pitch after seeing their club reach Wembley for the first time in 30 years.
A few years ago I came across one of those rare inventions that make you sit up and go "wow".
The Football Association of Wales will re-invest the profit it made in 2015-16 to improve facilities, says chief executive Jonathan Ford.
If you're a lover of guacamole, chocolate avocado shakes or smashed avocado on toast, get ready to pay more for your fix of the green fruit.
The BBC is to cut 1,000 jobs because of a £150m budget gap in its licence fee income.
Idris Elba could be the next James Bond, according to a leaked email by Sony Entertainment.
There is no documented evidence to back-up allegations that Jimmy Savile inappropriately touched a patient at Cardiff Royal Infirmary in the 1960s, a report has found.
Read the reports from Saturday's matches in the Premier League and FA Cup.
An under-fire NHS trust is still using an "unfit" patient appointment database 10 months after it was linked to a man's death.
This giant rocking horse has been built in Taiwan to help celebrate Chinese New Year.
An independent review into child sex abuse in Scottish football is likely to begin next month, according to the Scottish Football Association.
Carlisle United have confirmed that 10 players will be released, including striker Derek Asamoah.
Former Manchester United captain Nemanja Vidic has announced his retirement from professional football.
A twin-suicide bombing outside a church in Peshawar in Pakistan has killed at least 75 people, in one of the worst attacks on Christians in the country.
One of five books will be named Costa Book of the Year on 27 January.
A trading company partnered with Chelsea Football Club is under a police fraud investigation, which has so far involved 13 arrests.
The Euro 2016 finals will remain in France, Uefa has reaffirmed.
The last videocassette recorder (VCR) in Japan will be produced by the end of the month, according to the Nikkei newspaper.
Belgium has announced it has imposed controls on its border with France amid fears of an influx of migrants.
Tax on tobacco should be raised to persuade smokers to quit, a parliamentary group says.
A teenage boy who was groped by Jimmy Savile at Leeds General Infirmary, is one of six new victims who have come forward to investigators.
Catalans Dragons ran in seven tries as they moved up to second in Super League with a blanking of struggling Hull KR.
A statistic in March provoked outrage in the US media about inequality.
A manhunt is under way across Europe's Schengen states after prosecutors identified a suspect in the lorry attack on a Berlin Christmas market.
Jeremy Corbyn says he will not take the blame if the UK votes to leave EU.
Sky has launched a new service called Sky Q that blends live and on-demand TV as it tries to compete with the likes of Netflix.
Photographs taken behind the scenes at the royal wedding of Prince Charles and Diana are to be auctioned.
Mainland Chinese shares ended July with their biggest monthly loss in nearly six years.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe had one very important mission at this year's G7 summit: sell his brand of economic policies "Abenomics" to the world, and convince world leaders that they should all agree to spend more money in their economies to avert the next crisis.
US officials have stopped screening refugees on Nauru for potential resettlement, Australia has confirmed.
Gareth Bale insists Real Madrid can still reach the last four of the Champions League despite their damaging 2-0 defeat at Wolfsburg.
Plans to overhaul learning support in Dumfries and Galloway schools are being put under the spotlight in the first of a series of consultation events.
The PSNI has announced it will post Wild West-style pictures of suspects who fail to appear in court on its Facebook page.
A supermarket was badly damaged when a hydraulic lifter was used to rip a cash machine from a wall.
Carwyn Jones has said all political parties should set out plans for more devolution next spring.
Just over four days were lost to sickness per UK worker last year - the lowest since records began, official figures show.
There is now even more evidence that life on Earth may have been seeded by material from asteroids or comets.
The Home Secretary has been granted the right by a judge to use secret court hearings to defend a damages claim brought by a former IRA informer.
Former manager Craig Brown is warning Scotland that spirit and determination will not be enough against England.
The proportion of diabetics who go blind or suffer sight loss has almost halved since a new national retinopathy screening programme started in 2007.
Ford has reported a 39% drop in first-quarter profits as its performance in the key North American market weakened.
The US justice department is seeking the death penalty in the case of the Charleston church shooting which claimed nine lives last year.
Sheffield Wednesday striker Steven Fletcher is one of five players out of the Scotland squad to face England after head coach Gordon Strachan slimmed down his original 29.
People with a good eye and a deft hand are being invited to sign up for the All England Stone Skimming Championships.
Police divers have been brought in to search for a 62-year-old man missing from the Plockton area.
A family in Carmarthenshire must raise £65,000 to fly their injured father back from Barbados.
Nurses and medical assistants fighting the Ebola outbreak in Liberia have largely ignored a call to strike over danger money and conditions.
France's hopes of qualifying for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil suffered a major blow as Ukraine won the first leg of their play-off tie.
The International Monetary Fund has cuts its economic growth forecasts for the eurozone in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
A father has paid almost £1,000 for his daughter's milk tooth to be frozen to preserve stem cells which he believes could save her life.
A hovercraft operating between Portsmouth and the Isle of Wight has been grounded after a propeller was broken by a "foreign object".
Scott Brown says that it is time for the Celtic players to repay the faith Ronny Deila has shown in them.
Rail passengers in Tayside, Stirlingshire, Perthshire, Aberdeenshire and the Borders are being promised a "revolution" in travel.
A cyclist has set a new world record for female riders by covering 32,326 miles (52,025 km) in 12 months.
Barcelona defender Thomas Vermaelen has joined Serie A side Roma on a season's loan.
A South Australian community is in mourning after a popular young father drove off a jetty at high speed with his two children in the car.
In the Tunisian village of Jaafour, where the man who is widely alleged to have carried out the attack in Sousse was born and bred, there is shock and distress.
A newly qualified driver was "racing" another car when he knocked down and killed a County Down pensioner, the victim's family believes.
Wasps wing Christian Wade has landed a unique double at the Rugby Players' Association awards.
SDLP leader Alasdair McDonnell has rounded on his internal critics, saying: "I'm not going to run away from a task half done."
A Florida state senator has resigned amid backlash over reports that he used racial slurs over drinks with African-American colleagues.
World number one Mark Selby survived a determined comeback from Robert Milkins to move into the second round of the World Championship with a 10-6 win.
An inquiry into historical abuse in Nottinghamshire has recorded more than 500 offences on council property.
Former Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic has confirmed he will sign for Manchester United after leaving Paris St-Germain.
Tunisia's constituent assembly has been suspended until the Islamist-led government and secular opposition begin talks to resolve a political crisis.
A 13-year-old boy has drowned in the River Lyreen in the Republic of Ireland.
US Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has called for a "one-on-one" battle with Ted Cruz, urging other rivals to quit the nomination race.
A key architect of the euro and a former Bundesbank president, Hans Tietmeyer, has died aged 85.
Thousands of cyclists have taken part in the annual Sky Ride in Leicester which included a tour around the inside of King Power Stadium.
Thousands of people have gathered by Manchester Town Hall to remember the victims of Monday night's terror attack at a concert.
Widnes Vikings have signed Castleford Tigers half-back Rangi Chase on loan until the end of the season.
Four suspected militants have been killed in a shoot-out with Russian special forces during a raid on an apartment block in St Petersburg.
A fully operational Apple 1 computer has been sold at auction for $365,000 (£230,000).
Delegates at the Cites meeting here in Johannesburg have defeated an attempt to set up a process to resume sales of ivory.
The "elimination" of Oxfordshire's nine community hospitals is being considered by health bosses, according to the Green Party.
Gloucester City Football Club's planning application for a new stadium on its original site at Meadow Park has been approved by councillors.
Kimi Raikkonen completed a successful first pre-season test for Ferrari by setting the pace on the final day at Spain's Jerez track.
Five men have appeared in court facing allegations of abusing pupils at a school that was run by the Christian Brothers in Fife between 1970 and 1983.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has taken home the most trophies at the Visual Effects Society Awards in Los Angeles, with The Revenant collecting three.
Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy, 37, has made history as the only Pakistani to win two Oscars.
Great Britain closed the Rio Paralympics with 64 gold medals, the most by a British team since 1988.
Championship promotion-chasers Brighton have signed Arsenal striker Chuba Akpom on loan until the end of the campaign.
The Conservative councillor set to take the helm in the Scottish Borders has outlined her priorities for the region.
Lewis Hamilton will receive a five-place grid penalty for Sunday's Austrian Grand Prix as a result of an unauthorised gearbox change.
Athletes are being forced to travel hundreds of miles to train after a major sporting facility was damaged by storms.
Arcelor Mittal is no longer welcome in France, its minister for industrial recovery, has said, accusing the steelmaker of "lying" and "disrespecting" the country.
On Wednesday 16 March 2016 The Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, will publish his eighth budget, but what will that mean for you?
The Met Office has issued an amber "be prepared" weather warning for heavy rain across central and southern Scotland on Wednesday.
An inquiry into a Flintshire animal sanctuary has been opened by a charity watchdog.
When a migrant ship capsized in the Mediterranean on Sunday, with 700 people on board, it was near a merchant ship, the King Jacob.
Hamish Marshall's century helped Gloucestershire recover after a disastrous top-order collapse on day one against Kent at Canterbury.
About 1,000 people have attended a rally in Cardiff for Labour leadership candidate Jeremy Corbyn.
Almost 350 students will turn Dundee University into Scotland's largest art exhibition space for this year's Duncan of Jordanstone degree show.
Three Syrian men have been cleared of sexually assaulting two schoolgirls in a park.
World number two Simona Halep was forced to retire from her Washington Open quarter-final against Ekaterina Makarova with a heat-related illness.
New Liverpool chief executive Peter Moore says he has been eavesdropping on fans' pub conversations to get their views on the club - before they recognise him.
The Wales Bill has dominated the nation's politics since its publication in draft last autumn.
National League side Solihull Moors have appointed Hednesford Town boss Liam McDonald as their new manager.
Campaigners in York are calling for a vote on plans to turn three of the city's schools into academies.
Displays of the Aurora Borealis were visible from parts of Scotland on Monday night.
A man who has been roaming round Coventry sexually assaulting women and children after offering them money is being sought by police.
Homeless people in Oxford could end up living in "shanty towns" because of council cuts, a charity has warned.
Transgender reality star Caitlyn Jenner is to feature in a new exhibition of portraits of women by photographer Annie Leibovitz.
Islamist commander Abdelhamid Abou Zeid has been killed in fighting in Mali, the French presidency has confirmed.
Organisers of the National Eisteddfod have apologised for delays following a decision to shut the main car park after it became waterlogged.
A week before he becomes President, Donald Trump has been involved in an argument with the media and with his own spy agency.
Willie Rennie has set out what he said was the "new case for the United Kingdom" as he pledged to fight to keep Scotland in the UK and the UK in the EU.
US President Barack Obama has assured Japan that islands at the centre of its territorial dispute with China are covered by a bilateral defence treaty.
Head coach Steve Tandy praised "unplayable" Justin Tipuric after Ospreys' five-try win over Zebre.
Manchester City Council's veteran chief executive Sir Howard Bernstein has retired.
Students in Northern Ireland are calling on the government to put an end to higher and further education cuts.
Rising numbers of students have applied to start university courses in the UK this year, data shows.
A British bank has denied reports it closed the UK accounts of RT, Russian state TV's international channel.
Glamorgan Cricket Club will be "really well-placed" to host a city-based team in a new T20 competition, according to chief executive Hugh Morris.
A smartphone app which provides summaries of news stories soared to number nine in Apple's app store just two hours after its release in the US.
Two BBC radio presenters have appeared in court charged with sex offences against four children.
The national minimum wage will increase by 19p an hour to £6.50, the government has announced.
A Flintshire woman charged with murdering and poisoning her seven-week-old son is expected to go on trial early next year.
Seven police stations in the Gwent force area are to reopen permanently, the Police and Crime Commissioner Ian Johnston has said.
Albania players were left "emotionally shaken and psychologically distraught" by the violence that caused their Euro qualifier with Serbia to be abandoned, says the nation's football association.
A Conservative council at the centre of a cuts row involving the prime minister has announced it will close more than half its children's centres.
Passengers travelling to Britain from some countries in Africa and the Middle East will be banned from carrying laptops and tablets on to the flights amid  fears of a terrorism plot, according to front page of the Scotland edition of The Times.
Black women in England are almost twice as likely to be diagnosed with advanced breast cancer as white women, according to a new analysis by Cancer Research UK and Public Health England.
BBC Radio 1's audience has dropped to its lowest level for more than a decade after the station lost a million listeners over the past year.
The biggest fireball since the Chelyabinsk explosion has plunged through the atmosphere over the Atlantic Ocean.
If this election is to be a referendum on Brexit in the rest of the UK then in Scotland it will be dominated by arguments over whether there should be another referendum on Scottish independence.
One person has been taken to hospital after a fire at a house in Muir of Ord.
Castleford Tigers have signed Widnes Vikings winger Paddy Flynn on loan until the end of the season.
US author and filmmaker William Peter Blatty, best known for writing The Exorcist, has died at the age of 89.
Pupils at a north-east school have been told to stay at home on Thursday after it was hit by a sickness bug.
Nico Rosberg headed team-mate Lewis Hamilton as Mercedes dominated first practice at the Austrian Grand Prix.
Walking around the park at Russell Square it was just another weekday morning.
The UK is urgently drawing up new laws that will enable it to continue imposing sanctions on foreign countries after Brexit, the BBC has learned.
The UK has been found to be in breach of EU laws over the amount of sewage and waste water discharged into the sea off Carmarthenshire.
US car manufacturer General Motors (GM) expects to spend nearly $300m (£180m) in the first quarter to repair vehicles affected by its recent recalls.
Mae'r heddlu wedi lansio ei ymgyrch fwyaf i reoli ymddygiad gwrthgymdeithasol mewn tref yn Sir Benfro ble gall y boblogaeth gynyddu 10 gwaith mwy na'r arfer dros yr haf.
A 25-year-old man has died in police custody in Luton.
A Newry man has been jailed for life for the murder of a County Down teenager last February.
Belle Vue Aces have postponed another home Elite League fixture, against Leicester, as they are still yet to race at the National Speedway Stadium.
John Geils Jr, the US guitarist who founded The J Geils Band and had a global hit with the song Centrefold, has died at the age of 71.
Three Syrian men have appeared in court accused of sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl in a park in Newcastle.
Nearly a quarter of kids see gaming with friends as a form of exercise according to a new survey.
The Scottish and Welsh governments have written to the UK immigration minister raising concerns about the treatment of unaccompanied child refugees.
A £4bn investment in a major oil field off Shetland has been given the go-ahead.
A British child sex offender who paid an undercover US agent for sex with a nine-year-old boy ran an online group looking for children to abuse, prosecutors say.
Four-time defending overall World Cup champion Marcel Hirscher narrowly avoided being hit by a drone during an Alpine slalom race in Italy on Tuesday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a fatal stabbing in Manchester, police have said.
European leaders are to triple funding for search-and-rescue operations aimed at migrant boats in the Mediterranean following crisis talks in Brussels.
The Harris Tweed Authority has appointed a firm to monitor for misuses of its legally-protected trademark.
Conor Sammon hopes his return to the place where he enjoyed the best period of his career can improve his own fortunes and those of Kilmarnock.
Beavers living wild in Devon are to be caught and "rehomed" in captivity, the government has said.
A project aimed at protecting internationally important seabird populations on two of the Isles of Scilly by killing more than 3,000 brown rats, is under way.
Palermo have appointed Roberto de Zerbi as their new coach after Davide Ballardini resigned just two games into the new Serie A season.
Captain Darren Clarke has decided not to change Europe's qualifying system for next year's Ryder Cup at Hazeltine.
South Korea's antitrust regulator has fined Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics for conspiring to fix the prices of some appliances.
The Manor Marussia team have confirmed they intend to return to Formula 1 in time for the start of the season.
Shares in Japanese games company Nintendo increased slightly after record losses on Monday when it had warned that the Pokemon Go success would have a limited impact on profits.
A widespread anti-austerity strike in Finland has shut down ports and disrupted flights in the country, news agencies have reported.
Feelings of aggression after playing video games are more likely to be linked to gameplay mechanics rather than violent content, a study suggests.
An MSP has called for an investigation into whether the public has been "misled" about aspects of the Marischal Square plans in Aberdeen.
Hundreds of Taliban fighters have stormed the strategic northern Afghan city of Kunduz, seizing control of half of it, police say.
Defender Eric Abidal has made his first start for Barcelona since undergoing a liver transplant last year.
US officials have formally accused Russia of cyber attacks against political organisations in order "to interfere with the US election".
Microsoft has reported a $3.2bn net loss for the three months to 30 June after posting $8.4bn of writedowns.
Britain's Sarah-Jane Perry lost to world number one Nour El Sherbini in the quarter-finals of the women's World Championship in Egypt.
1Xtra DJ, Claira Hermet, had a double mastectomy a few weeks ago.
Westfields are the lowest-ranked side remaining in the FA Cup after beating Leiston 2-1 to go into the first-round proper draw for the first time.
"My politics are based not on some economics theory," Margaret Thatcher once said, "but on things I and millions like me were brought up with.
The Duchess of Cambridge has made her first appearance as royal patron of the RAF Air Cadets for a 75th anniversary service in London.
At least 18 workers have been trapped underground after an accident at a coal mine in southern Turkey, officials say.
Holyrood should be given the power to ban fixed odds betting terminals from high street bookmaker shops, a committee of MSPs has concluded.
Former heavyweight world champion David Haye has ruled out retiring from the sport and is targeting a rematch with Tony Bellew.
Field Marshal Montgomery Pipe Band from Northern Ireland have been crowned world pipe band champions.
A Scottish family dairy firm plans to build a £20m new facility in Stirling, creating 450 new jobs.
Wladimir Klitschko's world heavyweight title bout with Britain's Tyson Fury has been provisionally rearranged for Saturday 28 November in Dusseldorf.
A reservoir is being searched after a car left the road and went into the water.
Newport Gwent Dragons director of rugby Lyn Jones has left by mutual consent after "a period away through illness."
US rock band Eagles of Death Metal were not injured in the attack on their Paris concert, it has been confirmed.
After the sort of anticipation you'd expect for the return of the world's most famous plumber, Nintendo has rolled out Super Mario Run to iPhones and iPads.
Two men have been arrested after Irish police seized drugs worth about 2.1m euros (£1.63m) in Dublin at the weekend.
World number three Rory McIlroy has withdrawn from the Turkish Airlines Open because of concerns over security.
A council has revealed the scale of its financial contribution to major repair work at its flagship leisure centre.
Ospreys flanker Dan Lydiate is a doubt for Sunday's crucial Champions Cup Pool Two match against Exeter.
Jeremy Corbyn has said Labour would provide free car parking at all NHS hospitals in England to end what he called a "tax on serious illness".
Poor quarterly results at IBM turned the company into the biggest loser on the Dow Jones on Wednesday.
If Scotland votes for independence on 18 September, what would it actually mean for the rest of the UK?
Kent chief executive Jamie Clifford says they "will not struggle" to find a new head coach to replace Jimmy Adams.
About 1,400 walkers have started the 105th Manx Telecom Parish Walk endurance event in the Isle of Man.
Former England captains Michael Vaughan and Alec Stewart say they are interested in becoming the country's new director of cricket.
Entertainer Uri Geller has commissioned a sculpture of a gorilla made from 5,000 spoons.
A boy who stabbed his foster mother to death had been watching inappropriate material on YouTube, a fatal accident inquiry has heard.
Northern Ireland Water and trade unions are to hold further talks later to resolve a pensions dispute.
Storm-ravaged north-west England saw record-breaking rainfall in December, some 40% higher than the previous record.
The family of a missing County Antrim man who was last seen a week ago have pleaded for him to come home.
Australia has been cautioned by the OECD to keep further interest rate cuts "in reserve" and that the country's booming housing market could be at risk of a "sharp correction".
They are Scotland's most notorious bloodsucking pests, but the Mountaineering Council of Scotland is highlighting the benefits of midges and ticks.
Japan's defence minister says China's behaviour over disputed East China Sea islands is jeopardising peace.
A benefits cheat who won a triathlon and climbed Mount Kilimanjaro while claiming he could not walk more than 50 metres has been jailed for 20 weeks.
Opportunities were missed to spot the radicalisation of two teenage British Muslim brothers who died fighting in Syria in 2014, a report has found.
A Vietnam veteran with dementia has received a certificate of appreciation and regiment badges and coins to reassure him his fighting days are now over.
A British woman understood to have gone to Thailand for cosmetic surgery has died during an operation, Thai officials have said.
Glasgow has been placed second top in a list of 10 UK areas for the number of asylum seekers per head of population.
The Prince of Wales has visited a student who was injured in the Westminster attack.
Talks are to be held in a bid to prevent further strike action at Scottish local airports.
League Two side Stevenage have signed Wolves winger Connor Hunte on loan until January.
A former Cheshire salt works has reopened to the public as a museum after a £10.2m restoration.
A man with an axe has attacked and injured a woman in a robbery at a convenience store.
The Green party has warned that Scotland could miss its annual climate change target as ministers urge Westminster to match its ambitions.
A yellow weather warning for Northern Ireland has been issued by the Met Office for Sunday.
John Higgins came through a high-quality encounter against tournament debutant Liang Wenbo to win his first-round match 6-4 at the Masters.
Ex-Manchester United keeper Harry Gregg says the plane crash which killed most of Brazilian club Chapecoense's players has brought back "painful memories".
A man has admitted abducting a six-year-old boy and hitting a woman with a cricket bat during a naked rampage at a Dundee toy shop on Easter Sunday.
The organisers of the Mid Antrim 150 road races have confirmed that the meeting will not take place in 2017.
Hollywood actress Gwyneth Paltrow and Coldplay frontman Chris Martin have filed for divorce.
A hi-tech investigation of William Shakespeare's grave has concluded his skull was probably stolen.
The Severn crossings could be made free to use at night under proposals being considered by the UK government.
A man has died and two others are feared to be missing after a speedboat overturned off the Suffolk coast.
A man has been charged nearly a year after a collision in which a motorcyclist died in Leicestershire.
Northern Ireland's tourism industry saw a rise in visitors and spending during the period that covered last summer.
Criminal proceedings against the late Labour peer Lord Janner over sex abuse charges have ended because of his death, an Old Bailey judge has said.
A man in his 20s has been beaten up after he attended a house party in south Belfast on New Year's Eve.
A bald squirrel that has evaded capture by animal experts concerned it could freeze has been caught on camera.
Munster head coach Anthony Foley died after a heart condition caused fluid to build up in his lungs, a French coroner has said.
A pensioner in Rome raised the alarm after receiving a call, apparently made at random, from migrants on a sinking boat in the Mediterranean, reports say.
A man carrying a knife was seen running from a Sainsbury's store after a fire was started in the toilet, police said.
More than 250,000 people turned out to watch the first day of the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire cycle race on Friday, organisers say.
Mexican authorities have discovered 32 bodies and nine heads hidden in mass graves in a southern region plagued by violence from drug cartels.
The short circuit delaying the restart of the Large Hadron Collider has been fixed, after a blast of high current melted the metal particle responsible.
Gethin Jenkins returns to captain Cardiff Blues in Thursday's Challenge Cup Pool Three match in Montpellier.
Syrians deprived of food in eastern Aleppo are still waiting for aid three days after a truce was agreed.
US senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham are due to arrive in Cairo as diplomatic efforts to end Egypt's political crisis intensify.
At least 20 high profile people are being investigated by the Metropolitan Police, Met Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has revealed.
Everton are moving closer to a £200m takover by an American consortium and a deal could even be concluded by the end of the month.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has lifted curbs on tour firms selling holidays in Turkey, brought in after a Russian jet was downed last year.
A public inquiry into plans to create England's largest onshore wind farm has opened.
National League side York City have signed winger Kaine Felix from Boston United on a two-year deal.
Prime Minister David Cameron has joined forces with a former trade union leader to make his case for staying in the EU.
Two English cities have overcome a major hurdle in their attempts to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
Hearts return to Tynecastle for next week's second leg of their Europa League second round qualifier against Birkirkara on the back of a goalless draw in the Maltese heat.
The last Tornado squadron based at RAF Lossiemouth in Moray has staged a final flypast before being disbanded.
A New Year's Day fireworks display which annually attracts 10,000 people has been postponed due to a northerly wind.
Grave mementoes which light up, move and make noise will be banned from cemeteries in Torfaen following a dispute over the personalisation of plots.
Minerals preserved in diamond have revealed hints of the bright blue rocks that exist deep within the Earth.
Police investigating the rape of a man in Bolton have released further CCTV footage of a suspect they are looking for.
A student died after he was placed on a faulty ventilator and starved of oxygen at a Leeds hospital following an attack by a boxer, an inquest has heard.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended his intervention in the debate over the UK's membership of the European Union.
A piece of railway history made to mark the start of work on a Powys rail line 155 years ago has been sold at auction for £4,100.
World number one wheelchair tennis player Gordon Reid has been made an honorary freeman of Argyll and Bute.
US Secretary of Energy, Rick Perry talked for 22 minutes on the phone with a man he thought was the prime minister of Ukraine.
Two prison officers accused of injuring inmates by hitting them with their shields have been found not guilty.
It took 32 seconds for a Rhyl man to suffer 22 stab wounds before he was left to bleed to death, a court heard.
Transport Minister Humza Yousaf has told MSPs that "ScotRail has learned lessons" following a series of problems on Scotland's railways.
Striker Anthony Pilkington will have a scan on Wednesday after suffering a knee injury in Cardiff City's 0-0 draw at Burnley.
One of Scotland's most spectacular youth hostels has been bought by a company planning to make it "a world-class private residence".
Coventry City manager Tony Mowbray has said the struggling Sky Blues have to pull together following a bad week for League One's bottom club.
The mayor of Calais has said she is "disgusted" by David Cameron's response to the migrant crisis.
Kiefer Sutherland has confirmed he will "definitely not return in any way" to his hit TV show, 24.
A former bank manager is to stand trial accused of aiding an alleged £112,400 customer account fraud.
Families and even health care workers need to get used to talking about death more to make it easier, a palliative care specialist has said.
A man accused of a fatal stabbing in a Poundland store has appeared in Oxford Crown Court.
Work to transform the historic Buxton Crescent into a £35m luxury hotel and spa is to be completed by 2016.
Australian cricketer Sean Abbott took two wickets and bowled a bouncer as he played his first match since delivering the short-pitched ball that led to the death of Test batsman Phillip Hughes.
Experts at Edinburgh Zoo have had a busy week in efforts to breed their giant pandas.
The head of Scotland's biggest teachers' union has warned that education should not be used as a political football by critics.
Norwich City have signed centre-back Marcel Franke for an undisclosed fee from Bundesliga II club Greuther Furth.
Jacob Stockdale, Andrew Trimble and Chris Henry come into the Ulster team to face Munster in Saturday's crucial Pro12 interprovincial game in Limerick.
A damaged road bridge in Calderdale is beyond repair and will need to be replaced, the council leader has said.
It's the time of year when youngsters up and down the country raid the tin foil drawer and make a pretend FA Cup trophy.
In 2011, millions of Egyptians took to the streets demanding the removal of their autocratic president of 30 years, Hosni Mubarak.
Prosecutors in Berlin say the man suspected of murdering a four-year-old migrant boy has admitted killing another young boy, Elias, missing from his home in Potsdam since July.
Everton's new stadium will be a "key part" of Liverpool's bid to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games, the city's mayor has said.
A charity that helps people affected by terrorism is to offer support at events marking the first anniversary of the Bataclan attack in France.
A motorcyclist killed in a crash with a lorry in Hampshire died while enjoying "one of his favourite pastimes", his family have said.
A judge in New Zealand is considering Kim Dotcom's request to have his extradition appeal livestreamed online.
Leicester Tigers have agreed the signings of Tonga international  Sione Kalamafoni from Gloucester and Ireland's Dominic Ryan from Leinster.
Three women have died in a stampede at a Halloween party in Madrid, Spanish officials say.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari has sent a special military task force to combat cattle rustlers in the north-western state of Zamfara.
The top two in League Two both won away from home to keep the gap in the title race at just one point.
Three victims in the shooting at a family planning clinic in Colorado Springs have been identified and the alleged gunman has appeared in court.
The Great Tapestry of Scotland will be permanently based in Tweedbank, after Borders councillors agreed to fund the move.
An inquest into the death of a teenager whose body was found at her school in Cornwall has been opened and adjourned.
The number of people reporting being raped by someone they met on a dating app or website has risen six-fold in five years, official figures show.
Voting is being held in India to elect a new president.
Staff at a leisure park are appealing for the safe return of two beloved mascots that have been stolen from a display.
Typhoon aircraft from RAF Lossiemouth in Moray and RAF Coningsby in Lincolnshire have been scrambled to monitor two Russian Blackjack bombers.
An independent report has found "unacceptable levels of complacency" at a council which failed to help a woman who was later beaten to death.
Lucrative domestic derby matches would be protected in an expanded Pro12.
A Minnesota police force has threatened to punish drink drivers with Justin Bieber's dance moves if they get behind the wheel while intoxicated.
Salford have signed six players for 2016 and agreed a three-year deal with director of rugby Tim Sheens, who has resigned as Australia coach.
Scottish journalist jobs are to be cut as newspapers cut costs and introduce technological change.
Two women arrested during a protest against the felling of eight trees by council contractors have been charged.
The British firework championships take place every year in Plymouth.
The battle of two female birds for the affections of one male osprey has been captured on CCTV in the Borders.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli has signed a new one-year contract with the club.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed up slightly as investors followed talks between Greece and its creditors.
Linfield boss David Healy is predicting a stern test against Championship leaders Larne in the League Cup clash at Windsor Park.
Patrick McBrearty says there is no sense of gloom in the Donegal squad despite the changing of the guard in the county as they prepare for Sunday's Football League opener against Kerry.
The Arts Council of Wales (ACW) has been challenged over funding changes amid claims they threaten a body which seeks business support for arts.
Anonymity network Tor, notorious for illegal activity, has claimed that researchers at US Carnegie Mellon university were paid by the FBI to launch an attack on them.
Scenes from the upcoming fifth film in the blockbuster Transformers series are being shot in Oxford.
Young mental health patients have been kept in police cells because of a lack of adequate facilities in Jersey, a report says.
Wales have dropped out of the top 10 in the Fifa world football rankings despite qualifying for Euro 2016.
A mother with incurable cancer has raised more than £50,000 in just six days to pay for a nanny to look after her three children.
Wales men's hockey head coach Zak Jones says his team has the potential to reach the top table of European hockey.
Manchester City missed the chance to make up ground in the Premier League title race as they were held to a goalless draw by a stubborn Everton.
Colombia's Farc rebels have handed over a further 30% of its weapons to United Nations inspectors as part of last year's historic peace accord.
Ailing electronics giant Toshiba has said its losses for 2016 may be greater than it had previously forecast.
British Paralympic judoka hopeful Jono Drane has been ruled out of action for nine months with a serious knee injury.
A man has been jailed for seven years for his part in the death of a teenage girl in a car crash near Coventry.
Hong Kong's richest person, Li Ka-shing, has urged lawmakers to pass controversial reforms that will change how the territory's leader is elected.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer has officially opened the £61m National Graphene Institute (NGI) at the University of Manchester.
German Antoine Hey has been appointed as the new head coach of Rwanda.
The possible closure of a number of statutory care homes has been halted due to problems being faced by a private care homes firm.
A German conservative MP, Martin Patzelt, has taken two Eritrean refugees into his home and is helping the young men find jobs locally.
As expected, in the wake of the economic crisis and high-profile corruption scandals which have tarnished the reputation of the traditional political parties in Spain, the country has now entered a new political era.
The Israeli authorities have re-arrested Mohammed Allan, who had staged a hunger strike to protest against his detention without charge.
The family of the police officer shot by gunman Raoul Moat say they are still waiting for justice five years after the attack.
Huddersfield Town have parted company with manager Mark Robins after just one game of the Championship season.
All pictures are copyrighted.
A crossbow attack has left a man with "potentially life-changing" injuries.
A US shirt maker says its shirts are flying off the shelves after Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman was pictured wearing one.
A man with links to a car that was involved in a fatal bus stop crash in south London is being sought by police.
The woman kissed by a sailor in an iconic photograph marking the end of World War Two has died aged 92.
He is Formula 1's youngest ever driver and in charge of a car that can reach over 200mph.
A drama about the "tragedy and passion" of the difficult lives of the Bronte family is to appear on BBC One, written and directed by Last Tango In Halifax author Sally Wainwright.
An outbreak of norovirus at a Cumbria hospital has forced the closure of three wards.
A baby who died 74 minutes after birth has become the UK's youngest organ donor.
The death toll of Britons killed in the Tunisian gun attack will double to at least 30 once identification of victims is complete, the BBC understands.
German exports fell sharply in July, posting their steepest drop in nearly a year, after the country's goods saw lower global demand.
Glamorgan endured another frustrating season, finishing second from bottom of Division Two of the County Championship in Toby Radford's first campaign in charge.
The first Indian-designed fighter jet, the Tejas, has been inducted into the country's air force, 31 years after it was first conceived.
A 79-year-old woman who was reportedly "crushed by her own car" as she washed it has died in hospital, police said.
A religious minister has never been prosecuted despite admitting abuse linked to a state-run home in Belfast, an inquiry has heard.
Kyle Edmund failed to reach his maiden ATP Tour final as he lost to American Ryan Harrison at the Atlanta Open.
A man who has spent 18 years fighting a legal battle over a laptop has failed to win £600,000 from a bank.
A group of teenagers from Norfolk thought they were going on a stadium tour in Los Angeles - but ended up being coached by Steven Gerrard.
The English Football League fixtures for 2017-18 have been released.
Environmental regulators are investigating a west Highlands trout farm for breaching rules on the use of a pesticide to control parasites.
Ex-Premier League footballer Peter Beagrie has been sacked as a Sky Sports pundit after being convicted of an assault on his partner.
A tribute has been paid to a mother-of-two found dead by police in Conwy county.
The UK government will require pornographic sites to verify users are over 18 as part of a raft of measures announced in the Queen's Speech.
Killings and torture are being committed with impunity by all sides in Libya, according to a UN report.
Lancashire have named former captain Glen Chapple as their new head coach on a three-year contract.
A second woman has stepped forward to accuse the former head of the UN climate change panel, RK Pachauri, of sexual harassment.
A 38-year-old man has been remanded in custody charged with committing 15 sexual offences, including allegations of rape and false imprisonment.
It's always interesting to see two people who genuinely believe completely different versions of the truth discussing things.
David Cameron has said he wants to review how extradition arrangements are working between the UK and US in the light of recent controversial cases.
Gay footballers would be treated with respect if they choose to publicly reveal their sexuality, says Premier League boss Richard Scudamore.
A police sergeant who made sexual comments or approaches to female colleagues has been sacked for gross misconduct.
A dozen chickens were discovered in the back of a car after a police chase in County Durham.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has shelved plans to restrict food vendors outside its schools after a successful legal challenge in another region.
The number of suspected and confirmed cases of chikungunya virus in Caribbean countries has risen sharply over past weeks, health officials say.
Republic of Ireland full-back Stephen Ward is a fitness doubt for Sunday's Euro 2016 game against France but Jonathan Walters may return to action.
A woman who deliberately ploughed into a cyclist after being confronted about using her mobile phone behind the wheel has been jailed for three years.
Rumours are rife in Japan that one of the country's most well-known and long-lived pop groups, SMAP, might be on the verge of a break up.
Two teenagers who died after getting into difficulties in a lake at a wildlife reserve in Norfolk have been named by police.
A company boss on trial over the deaths of four sailors when a yacht capsized had been cutting costs, a court heard.
Thousands of books were laid end-to-end through the centre of Wimborne in a bid to set a world record.
Thousands of people gathered at Seaburn and Roker seafront for the Sunderland International Airshow.
Boss Richard Cockerill says Leicester will show restraint against Bath in their bid to win an 11th English title.
President Donald Trump has accused the media of dishonestly reporting the size of the crowd at his inauguration.
Two arts organisations in West Yorkshire are to receive £5.5m in lottery funding from the Arts Council.
The Police watchdog has launched an investigation into the events leading up to a man's death in Ayrshire.
Bahraini human rights campaigner Nabeel Rajab has been pardoned by King Hamad after serving three months of a six-month jail sentence,  the official BNA news agency has reported.
Arsenal face a "massive" challenge to qualify for the Champions League, says boss Arsene Wenger, who added "nothing" has changed about his future.
Xherdan Shaqiri and Glen Johnson are not expected to be fit to return for Stoke on Saturday.
There are a lot of rash statements being made about whether or not the K2 tax avoidance scheme used by Jimmy Carr was "legal".
A novel written in a single unbroken sentence has won the Goldsmiths Prize 2016.
Former Aston Villa captain Stiliyan Petrov is to resume training with the first team, after more than four years away from football.
Many students boasted on social media of having voted twice in last month's general election, an MP has claimed.
Three people have been hurt following a fire at a fish and chip shop in Fife.
ITV has moved the final of Britain's Got Talent so it won't clash with Ariana Grande's benefit concert in Manchester on Sunday.
Ipswich Town have appointed former Wolves and Republic of Ireland boss Mick McCarthy as their new manager on a contract until 2015.
A court in India's western Mumbai city has found 12 men guilty for their roles in the 2006 bombings of commuter trains.
Some of the biggest emitters of greenhouse gases have the lowest climate change targets, according to a Holyrood report.
Award-winning director Danny Boyle's long awaited sequel to Trainspotting will be released in January next year, it has been confirmed.
It is a plant that is really good at growing, and one of our most important nature reserves has more than enough of it.
Australia's government has preliminarily blocked Chinese and Hong Kong bidders from taking a controlling stake in the country's largest electricity network, citing worries over national security.
Encouraging more women to breastfeed their babies will be the focus of a Scottish Government summit in the New Year.
Phoebe Richards' goal three minutes from time sealed Wales' place in the EuroHockey Championships B Division semi-finals in Cardiff.
Court proceedings involving rape charges against two Ulster and Ireland rugby players have begun.
Former Leicester City manager Martin O'Neill says he can see shades of the Nottingham Forest side that became English and European champions in the 1970s in the current Foxes team.
A fourth person has been arrested by police investigating the stabbing of a teenager in a street in Shrewsbury.
Head teachers and their staff have taken to Twitter to highlight what may have to be axed in schools in England because of budget cuts.
Actress and film-maker Isabella Rossellini to chair the jury at next year's Berlin Film Festival, organisers have announced.
A former council planning boss who was fined Â£75,000 for making illegal changes to her Grade II-listed Sussex home has been made to give up her post.
Singer Russell Watson was forced to cancel a concert in Glasgow after a fire broke out at the venue.
North Down head the NCU Premier League with 20 points after the completion of six fixtures.
Sinn Féin have lost a seat to the DUP on the Education Authority (EA) board following the assembly elections.
Plaid Cymru AM Neil McEvoy has been suspended from the party's assembly group amid a row over bullying.
A reward of up to £5,000 has been offered for information about a sexual assault on a woman in Nottingham.
Japan has warned North Korean missiles pose "a serious threat" after the country carried out new tests in defiance of international sanctions.
One of Scotland's most spectacular youth hostels could close for good because of rising repair costs.
Bournemouth defender Steve Cook has signed a new four-year contract with the Premier League club.
French actress Maria Schneider, best known for playing Marlon Brando's lover in Last Tango in Paris, has died in Paris aged 58 after a long illness.
Scottish motor neurone disease campaigner Gordon Aikman has celebrated hitting his fundraising target of £500,000.
Landlocked Uganda has announced it will build a major pipeline to export its oil through Tanzania.
The chief executive of Infosys, Vishal Sikka, has resigned from his post with an unconventional and lengthy letter blaming "personal attacks".
Bayern Munich were crowned champions of Germany for the 26th time with one game to go as two Robert Lewandowski goals earned them victory over Ingolstadt.
Ending Celtic's unbeaten domestic record should not be the focus of Rangers players on Sunday, according to former Ibrox forward Peter Lovenkrands.
Comedian Tracy Morgan says he has no recollection of the accident that left him with life-threatening injuries a year ago.
Two men have died in separate crashes on the A77 in Ayrshire after their cars left the road and hit trees.
A woman has laid flowers at the spot where the remains of her daughter were found in Gloucestershire.
A senior medical expert who reviewed how the health system is run in Northern Ireland says the Health and Social Care Board should be done away with as soon as possible.
Two 15-year-old schoolboys have been arrested after another pupil was injured at a school.
Michael Gove, Boris Johnson, Priti Patel, and Gisela Stuart have been saying that if the UK votes to leave the European Union, EU citizens wanting to move to the UK would be subject to an Australian-style, points-based immigration system.
Newport Gwent Dragons are attracting interest from new investors, says chief executive Stuart Davies.
Watch the moment two giant panda twins meet each other for the very first time.
Two soldiers were killed when their car failed to stop at a junction and crashed into a tractor in County Antrim, an inquest has heard.
Russia has announced a package of economic sanctions against Turkey over the shooting down of a Russian jet on the Syrian border on Tuesday.
A 69-year-old woman has died after being seriously injured when she was hit by private hire vehicle as she crossed a road in Greenock.
The prosecution has begun its opening statement in the trial of the prominent republican Thomas Slab Murphy at the Special Criminal Court in Dublin.
Two members of staff at a Gwynedd education referral unit have had child cruelty charges against them dropped.
A fault with Gatwick Airport's baggage system meant flights were leaving without passengers' luggage.
A medieval manor house said to be the inspiration for Jane Eyre is to reopen after 10 years of restoration.
Scientists have developed a new way of scanning the heart that could predict who will have a heart attack.
Warwickshire kept their slim County Championship title hopes alive as they enjoyed the better of the first day against Northants at Edgbaston.
Hundreds of millions of people around the world have been celebrating the Lunar New Year.
The chairman of the City regulator, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), has said political considerations played no part in its decision to shelve an inquiry into the culture of banking.
World number one Jason Day says he is "running on empty" as he prepares to defend his US PGA Championship title.
AJ Leitch-Smith scored the only goal of the game as Port Vale overcame League One strugglers Blackpool.
AP McCoy's wife says she would "trade every winner" of her husband's career to get the 19-time champion jockey to the end of the week "in one piece".
Papua New Guinea reached 50-1 at stumps on day three as they chased 346 to beat Ireland in the Intercontinental Cup.
An extra 20% tax on sugary drinks should be introduced to tackle the obesity crisis, the British Medical Association says.
England wicketkeeper Jos Buttler says he is "desperate" to play in the Indian Premier League after losing his Test place to Jonny Bairstow.
GP2 champion Stoffel Vandoorne will be McLaren's Formula 1 reserve driver in 2016 but intends to race elsewhere.
Ministers in Wales need to be given confidence their views on Brexit are making a difference, the finance secretary has said.
Britain's David Price believes he should be reinstated into the IBF's top 15 fighters after his last opponent Erkan Teper was banned for doping.
Midfielder Stuart O'Keefe has signed a new contract at Cardiff City which will keep him with the Bluebirds until the summer of 2019.
Rory McIlroy says he has stopped using social media following his row with former US PGA champion Steve Elkington.
Police have seized four handguns and a shotgun in a raid linked to dissident republicans in Dublin on Saturday.
Patrick Allen has quit as the managing director of Silverstone
A £100m shopping and student housing development in an Oxford suburb has been turned down by councillors.
A former lay preacher has been jailed for eight years for indecently assaulting a boy he met through the church.
Newcastle Falcons have signed Vereniki Goneva from Leicester Tigers from the start of next season.
The Paris agreement on climate change has come into force.
Morecambe have re-signed veteran forward Garry Thompson on a one-year deal after his release by Wycombe.
Plesiosaurs, the sea monsters of the dinsoaur age, gave birth to live young instead of laying eggs.
Burundi's government has postponed parliamentary and presidential elections that were due this month.
Hampshire and former New Zealand all-rounder Andre Adams says the risk of persistent calf injuries have forced his decision to retire.
French people affected by a fuel shortage that has hit a fifth of the country's petrol stations have taken to social media, changing film titles as a joke to reflect the problem.
One of the world's rarest stick insects has successfully bred at Bristol Zoo - the first time the species has done so outside Australia.
Eight convicted drug smugglers have been executed by firing squad in Indonesia.
Alex Tait's second-half try helped Newcastle overcome Gloucester for their first Premiership win at Kingsholm since 2012.
The US has welcomed a pause in fighting between Turkish and Kurdish forces in northern Syria, urging them to focus on fighting so-called Islamic State (IS).
Labour is likely to seek to form a minority Welsh Government after winning 29 of the 60 seats in Thursday's election, the first minister has said.
A British man has reportedly admitted he had a violent confrontation with a police officer on the Indonesian resort island of Bali.
The university at the centre of a pepper spray row paid consultants more than $175,000 (£123,000) to bury online search results about the incident.
Phil Rudd, a drummer with rock group AC/DC, has been sentenced in New Zealand to eight months in house detention for drug possession and making threats to kill.
Dundonnell Mountain Rescue Team has raised the money it needs to pay for the building of a new base in Dingwall.
Birmingham Bears' Brendon McCullum smashed 158 not out off 64 balls against Derbyshire at Edgbaston, the highest ever T20 Blast score.
Newport County have confirmed Mike Flynn as their manager on a permanent basis.
Essex have signed all-rounder Will Rhodes from Yorkshire until the end of the County Championship season.
Four Afghan prisoners in Guantanamo Bay have been sent back to their home country, the Pentagon says.
An Afghan girl has told the BBC that her family forced her to attack a police checkpoint in Helmand province.
The body which regulates the controversial Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme has confirmed it is investigating three cases of suspected fraud including one with a potential value of £2.5m.
London 2012 Olympic medallists Max Whitlock, Louis Smith and Kristian Thomas have been selected to represent Team GB at the Rio Games.
An artist who uses sexual imagery in her surrealist work is one of the four nominees for this year's Turner Prize.
A cross-party group of politicians in Northern Ireland have won the right to mount a legal challenge over Brexit.
The head of the social care department that "missed chances" to save the life of a four-year-old boy said his team has been "overwhelmed" by cases.
In spite of England's nervy victory and their willingness to be flexible in the third one-day international, the debate about their future prospects, and Alastair Cook's place in England's one-day side, will rage on.
The number of sectarian incidents recorded at Scottish football matches fell by 40% last season, according to Crown Office figures.
The mother of an 11-year-old transgender girl who was shot with a BB gun claims her school has not done enough to stop the bullying.
A prison officer at a women's jail has admitted having an inappropriate relationship with an inmate, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has said.
Mae cyn weinidog ynni yn annog Llywodraeth y DU i gefnogi'r cynllun i adeiladu lagŵn ym Mae Abertawe "yn fuan".
A long-lost Roald Dahl poem penned for pupils at a County Tyrone primary school is on display to mark the author's 100th birthday.
Lawyers for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have asked a photographer to "cease harassing" Prince George.
New Football Association rules mean that footballers in England can be punished for "diving" during a match, even after the game has finished.
The husband of a woman who was knocked down and killed by a cyclist has urged "reckless" riders to learn from his wife's death.
Roy Hodgson's England remain unbeaten since their World Cup failure in Brazil after Andros Townsend cancelled out Graziano Pelle's headed opener in a 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin.
Chesterfield striker Ched Evans has signed a 12-month contract extension with the League One club.
Police searching for Dean McIlwaine have released CCTV footage taken on the day he went missing as they renewed their appeal for information.
National League leaders Lincoln could be without left-back Sam Habergham (dead leg) for their FA Cup tie.
A Brazilian media company has lost an appeal against a ruling banning it from using a ringtone as its trademark.
The assembly should approve a Brexit plan for Wales, Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has said.
A former church youth leader has been convicted of raping two teenagers.
A bid by an NHS trust to merge with a neighbouring one that faces a huge debt would be "suicidal" without financial assurances, a health critic says.
Delegates from more than 190 countries meeting in Marrakech have issued an urgent call for action to tackle climate change.
A major fire has been burning in the thatched roof of a large property in Hertfordshire.
Two police officers, who were injured when their police car crashed while responding to an emergency call on Anglesey, have been discharged from hospital.
A man who died when his vehicle was hit by a train on a level crossing has been named by police.
Hundreds of people have paid their respects to Labour MP Jo Cox's Batley and Spen constituency ahead of a private family funeral service.
Stevenage have signed striker Aaron O'Connor from Forest Green Rovers on a one-month loan, with a view to extending it to the end of the season.
Two men have been killed and two others seriously injured in a crash.
A pilot nicknamed Biggles who used his aerial photography business to front a £33.5m cocaine smuggling racket has been jailed for 19 years.
Concealed spikes left on tracks on Bwlch mountain in Rhondda Cynon Taff could soon cause a "nasty injury", an off-roading club has said.
Coach Mark Sampson believes England learned lessons from the 3-0 defeat by two-time world champions Germany.
Narendra Modi said India had been shamed by a recent spate of rapes, as he made his first Independence Day speech as prime minister.
Nottingham Forest defender Jack Hobbs has been ruled out until Christmas because of an ankle injury.
The A77 has been shut south of Stranraer following a serious accident involving a motorbike and a car.
Three of the Birmingham schools inspected in the wake of the Trojan Horse allegations have published the findings of their Ofsted reports.
Michael Schumacher's son will mark the 25th anniversary of his father's first Formula 1 win by driving at Spa before Sunday's Belgian Grand Prix.
A German man has been jailed for three years and nine months for joining Islamic State (IS) militants, in the first trial of its kind in Germany.
Head coach Neil Lennon is close to signing a new contract at Hibernian.
The Nigeria Football Federation has assured players based in China they are still part of future plans.
Helga Macfarlane says she is "horrified" to think that she was unknowingly living with a faulty gene that put her at high risk of coronary heart disease or sudden death.
Senior civil servants, military officers and judges are to receive 1% pay rises this year, ministers have announced.
Google has begun promoting web-based news articles that comply with its effort to make pages load more quickly on mobile devices.
The building of a second bridge over the River Mersey has started.
Warrington have signed former Leeds Rhinos prop forward Ryan Bailey on a one-year deal.
Fulham have re-signed Brazilian forward Lucas Piazon on a season-long loan from Premier League champions Chelsea.
The search for a fisherman missing after a boat sank in Pembrokeshire has been scaled back.
School children aged 11 to 16 have been making news stories about subjects important to them for BBC School Report.
A man who tried to sell the heads of monkeys and leopards on eBay has been sentenced.
Former Everton, Wigan and Swansea manager Roberto Martinez has been appointed as the new head coach of Belgium.
Civilian staff at the Faslane and Coulport naval bases have voted in favour of industrial action in a dispute over workers' rights.
Cal Crutchlow has become the first British rider to win the Australian Grand Prix as he secured his second MotoGP victory at Phillip Island.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2016 European Championship.
Christmas trees are to be harvested at a beauty spot known as "Little Switzerland" because of its pine trees, hills and early snowfall.
An Indian company has launched something which seems almost mad in its lack of appeal - a pickle flavoured condom.
Fiji's Prime Minister has issued a coded warning to Donald Trump about the dangers of climate change.
Thousands of TalkTalk and Post Office customers have had their internet access cut by an attack targeting certain types of internet routers.
Northern Ireland's past will continue to cast a shadow over politics this year.
Heavy rain and winds will sweep across large swathes of the UK on Monday, forecasters have warned, putting a dampener on the Bank Holiday for many.
Cornish Pirates twice threw away a lead as they lost 54-46 at Bedford in a try-filled Championship clash.
Parents are being warned not to let their children swim, paddle or play on beaches in Rhyl after a slurry leak.
Long delays in answering Freedom of Information requests by Bristol City Council "are bad for democracy", a campaign group has said.
Muslims looking for jobs in Bristol are facing possible discrimination, secret filming by a BBC documentary shows.
A former Scotland international footballer has told a judge he will be defending a damages claim brought by a woman who alleges he raped her.
When you squeeze Formula 1 drivers into a football team, it gives a whole new meaning to the term formation lap.
A man has denied murdering a 24-year-old man who died after being found seriously injured in a field.
Peter Rippon, the former editor of Newsnight, has been allocated a new role overseeing the development of the online BBC News archive.
Doping is the biggest threat to Olympic sport, according to World Anti-Doping Agency president Sir Craig Reedie.
Portuguese police investigating the disappearance of British girl Madeleine McCann are to question former suspect Robert Murat, the BBC has learned.
The Scottish Parliament is to mark the anniversary of the terror attack on the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine.
The UK has sent 1m euros (£850,000) to Cyprus as a "contingency measure" to provide military personnel with emergency loans.
A lorry driver who allegedly went the wrong way on the M6 Toll and performed three u-turns has been charged with dangerous driving.
The Royal Navy is to hold its first large scale cyber war games.
Claudio Ranieri has been sacked as manager of Leicester City FC.
Bottom-of-the-table Bristol succumbed to a ninth defeat from nine Premiership games as Leicester Tigers survived a second-half fightback at Ashton Gate.
Bacteria that naturally live inside our digestive system can help prevent allergies and may become a source of treatment, say US researchers.
At least 89 people have been killed in a powerful explosion that tore through a restaurant in Petlawad in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, officials say.
A group of young people have scaled one of the tallest buildings in the South West, which is currently under construction.
Apple has been ordered to help FBI investigators access data on a phone used by San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook.
Sir Bradley Wiggins dropped out of the Tour de Yorkshire during the first stage as Team LottoNL-Jumbo's Dylan Groenewegen took the overall lead.
Leicester City fans wore Jamie Vardy face masks for their 2-0 defeat by Everton on Boxing Day to show their support for the suspended striker.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
A man who found the body of a murdered teenager in a West Yorkshire canal 22 years ago has spoken about the harrowing discovery for the first time.
Five independent councillors have joined the UK Independence Party in Norfolk.
Nigeria's president has described as a "heinous atrocity" the latest wave of attacks by Boko Haram militants that left more than 150 people dead.
The Football Association has produced new proposals aimed at improving England's prospects at major tournaments.
Dealing with acute social problems affecting children and young people in England and Wales costs £17bn a year of public money, suggests research.
US First Lady Melania Trump has visited a New York City hospital to read to sick children for World Book Day.
A Palestinian footballer who was in Israeli detention for three years without charge has returned to Gaza.
A 600-strong survivors' group has lost faith in the independent inquiry into historical child sexual abuse, its leaders have said.
Former Japanese defence minister Yuriko Koike looks set to be elected as the Japanese capital's first woman governor, exit polls project.
Separate incidents of littering in the Cairngorms have prompted angry responses on social media.
Warrington Wolves went top of Super League with a 52-18 thrashing of bottom side Leeds Rhinos.
A centuries-old tradition of recording copies of Parliament's laws on calf skin will continue, a minister has said, after peers signalled its end.
Republican Governor Mike Pence has upset some in the Latin American community after he was asked in a live TV debate to defend Donald Trump's comments referring to Mexicans as "rapists" and "criminals".
An incredible shot of "dancing" starlings has been captured by an amateur photographer in his front garden.
A man has been reunited with his lost wedding ring after metal detectorists found it at the bottom of a lake.
First no-one was hurt because there were no people on board this rocket, but the American inventor Elon Musk has shared video footage of the moment it crashed into a floating spaceport.
An armed officer who Tasered a man found killing a woman in a hostel has told an inquest the attack was "the most horrendous thing" he had seen.
Amazon has lobbed a bomb into the cut-price tablet market, with a new device costing under £50.
Confidential papers passed to the BBC suggest a radical cost-saving plan will be implemented in the Scottish NHS after the referendum.
Oxford United won at home in the league for the first time in 2016 against relegation-threatened York.
A senior executive from the Cerberus investment fund is due to give evidence to an Irish parliamentary committee investigating the controversial Nama Northern Ireland deal.
The driver of a bus and two passengers injured in a collision with a car in Ayrshire remain in a serious condition in hospital, police have said.
North and South Korea have agreed to resume formal high-level talks that had effectively been suspended since February, reports from South Korea say.
A motorist has been found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving after an 11-year-old boy was fatally struck by a car.
Eighteen lives have been saved as a result of air ambulances carrying blood on board, the charity has said.
Controversial Slovenian pop group Laibach will be the first foreign band to perform in North Korea, director Morten Traavik has told the BBC.
An attempted murder inquiry has been launched after a driver reversed, dragging a police officer down the street.
Security staff working at Scotland's regional airports have voted in favour of taking industrial action over their terms and conditions, including pay.
Durham's players have been reassured by their chief executive that the county is not going bust and that all contracts will be honoured.
Proposals to "rename" Religious Education in Wales have raised concerns from faith groups.
It was just before the debate started and I was chatting to my friend and opposite number at ITV news, Robert Moore.
The Canadian teacher named best in the world last weekend is still feeling "a bit of disbelief".
A tiny exotic bird that was being cared for by a sanctuary after it was found in a Gloucestershire garden has been claimed by the village postman.
Adam Murray has resigned as Mansfield Town manager after two years in charge.
Two men captured by Ukrainian troops on Saturday have confessed to being members of the Russian armed forces, a report by European mediators says.
Neville Neville, the father of former England and Manchester United footballers Gary and Phil, has died in Australia.
Britain's Mo Farah secured his first victory of the year in the 3,000m at the Glasgow Indoor Grand Prix.
An Australian man has been charged over the alleged kidnapping and attempted murder of two female backpackers on a beach south of Adelaide.
Watch the full report on Inside Out on Monday at 19:30 BST on BBC One in the East Midlands or on iPlayer.
Councillors in the Borders are being advised to remove a council tax discount on second homes in the region.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats are investigating player Scott Moore after a man was arrested for assaulting a police officer.
The Sea Watch Foundation's National Whale and Dolphin Watch has recorded hundreds of marine mammals off Scotland's coast.
Almost two-thirds of women in the UK have had unwanted sexual attention in public places, a survey by YouGov has suggested.
Wales fans will be heavily outnumbered in their Euro 2016 quarter-final with Belgium in Lille - with most French fans cheering for the opposition.
A partially sighted man fell on to the tracks while trying to board a train in Birmingham.
A drunk driver with 483 convictions has been jailed for killing a teenager while travelling at speeds of up to 100mph.
